for editing (#2)
DevExpress-Examples/winforms-pivot-change-summarydisplaytype-in-context-menu: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E2321)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# Pivot Grid for WinForms - How to Change SummaryDisplayType in the Context Menu

The following example shows how to customize the field header's context menu in the [PivotGridControl.PopupMenuShowing](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.PivotGridControl.PopupMenuShowing) event handler. The event adds a new item to the _Number_ field header's context menu and allows you to change the [SummaryDisplayType](https://docs.devexpress.com/CoreLibraries/DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.PivotGridFieldBase.SummaryDisplayType) value.

![custom-context-menu](images/custom-context-menu.png)

> Set the [PivotGridFieldOptions.AllowRunTimeSummaryChange](https://docs.devexpress.com/CoreLibraries/DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.PivotGridFieldOptions.AllowRunTimeSummaryChange) property to **true** to allow a user to change the data field’s summary type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the [PivotGridFieldOptions.AllowRunTimeSummaryChange](https://docs.devexpress.com/CoreLibraries/DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.PivotGridFieldOptions.AllowRunTimeSummaryChange) property to **true** to allow users to change the data field’s summary type.
```
